Overview of how we ingest liberator data into the platoffrm (#179)
LBHackney-IT/Data-Platform-Playbook: docs/docs/liberator-ingestion.md

---
title: Liberator data ingestion
description: "Description of the ingestion process for Liberator data"
layout: playbook_js
tags: [playbook]
---

This section describes how the Liberator dataset gets ingested into the data platform. 

#### 1. SQL dump is uploaded into the platform

> The company who owns the datset (Farthest Gate) uploads a zipped SQL dump of the whole databse to S3 bucket in the data platform production AWS account at the path `s3://dataplatform-stg-liberator-data-storage/parking/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The company who owns the dataset (Farthest Gate) uploads a zipped SQL dump of the whole database to S3 bucket in the data platform production AWS account at the path `s3://dataplatform-stg-liberator-data-storage/parking/`.
```

The file needs to be named `liberator_dump_210604.zip` where the date stamp at the end is the current date.

> #### 2. RDS snapshot it created from the SQL dump

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### 2. RDS snapshot is created from the SQL dump
```
